= Anonymous Watchers plug-in

Anonymous Watchers plug-in:
* Allows to add any emails as watchers in Redmine.
  Open an issue, click 'Add watchers' and you will see additional email field.

* Allows to subscribe to/unsubscribe from Redmine events anonymously as regular users do.
  Just click Watch/Unwatch on desired item as anonymous user and then enter your email.

* Adds more events to subscribe.
  You can now subscribe anonymously or as regular user to: all issues, all documents, all files, all news.

* When creating issues from mails, it adds non-member emails to watchers automatically (exceptions can be configured).

Recommended to use together with "Anonymous Authors plug-in":
http://redmine.academ.org/projects/redmine/wiki/Anonymous_Authors_plug-in

== Installation And Configuration

From a ZIP file:

* Download the latest version of the plugin
* Unzip to */plugins* (Redmine 2.x) or */vendor/plugins* (Redmine 1.x) folder of Redmine

From a GIT repository:

* Clone repository with <b>git clone git://git.academ.org/redmine_anonymous_watchers.git plugins/redmine_anonymous_watchers</b> command

After download:

* Run <b>bundle install</b>
* Run <b>rake redmine:plugins:migrate</b> (Redmine 2.x) or <b>rake db:migrate:plugins</b> (Redmine 1.x).
* Restart Redmine.
* In <b>Administration -> Settings -> Email notifications</b> select events you want be able to subscribe.
* Enable <b>Subscribe anonymously</b> permission for Anonymous role, if you want to let anonymous users to subscribe.
* Configure emails exceptions list in plugin settings, if you use issues creation from mails.

== Compatibility

This plug-in is compatible with Redmine 1.4.x, 2.0.x, 2.1.x

== Changelog

[0.1.0] * Added ability to subscribe to/unsubscribe from Redmine events anonymously.
        * Added more events to subscribe (all issues, all documents, all files, all news)
        * View rewrites fully eliminated

        After upgrade, don't forget to run 'bundle install' and migrate installed plugins
[0.0.1] Initial commit
